# Overview

*WARNING* this is a development version and is not feature-complete, it should
not be used in any production capacity.

# Usage

```
php-lint [<option>...] [<file>...]
      --silence-vendor[=ARG]   Silence warnings on vendor directory
  -x, --exclude-tests=ARG      List of tests to exclude
  -t, --show-tests             Show list of tests which will be included
      --working-directory=ARG  Set the initial working directory
  -h, --help                   Display this help
  -v, --version                Show version
```

## Recommended Configuration

As this program is still under development there are several cases where it
can't reliably or usefully detect what PHP would actually do. Because of this,
the following tests should be disabled for routine use in order to reduce noise:

+ BadDoc - for documentation mismatching practical types. For simple cases the
  practical types can be inferred, but there are many edge cases - in
  particular, this will be improved once there's support for recognising generic
  patterns.
+ SingleCharacterVariable - for unnecessarily cryptic variable names. This
  warrants refinement to cover extremely short scopes and overwhelming
  convention (eg. if `$p` is virtually always an object of class `Parameter`).

You may also want to disable the following tests as they are fairly common violations:

+ BadCoreType - for cases where a type is documented as "integer" or "boolean",
  neither of which are valid PHP type keywords but both of which are accepted by
  phpDocumentor (which also accepts their real keywords "int" and "bool").
+ NoDoc - for undocumented properties/functions
+ PSR1.S43MethodName - for method names not following the Java case convention

Since you usually don't want to see problems in autogenerated or vendor files,
you would typically want to include the `--silence-vendor` option, with a list
of directories if necessary.

A full recommended command line might look like:

`php-lint --silence-vendor -x BadCoreType,BadDoc,NoDoc,PSR1.S43MethodName,SingleCharacterVariable`

# Licence

See `LICENSE` in the same directory as this file